The real power of higher-order functions comes
when you use this pattern to extend functionality.
You might have noticed in the last exercise that
the higher-order functions can quickly accumulate a lot of arguments,
because they need to take arguments for both themselves and the callbacks they invoke.
When you see this starting to be an issue,
it might help to use the second ability of higher-order functions,
which is the ability to return a function.
This way we can create a closure around an inner function,
but that can be confusing.
So let's take a look at an example.
In this example, I have a function called greater than,
which returns a function.
If I call the greater than function and store its result in a variable,
I can console log that variable and see that it stores a function.
But if I call that variable and pass a value to it,
I get true that 11 is in fact greater than eight.
We have nested our functions together in a way
that allows us to pass arguments to them one at a time.
If this syntax is a little bit confusing for you though,
know that this and this are exactly the same.
Function greater than returns another function which returns a value.
This relies on a pre firm understanding of closures.
So if you need a refresher on that,
we have some resources linked for you.
That syntax was a little bit tricky,
but you'll get the chance to be more familiar with it in the exercises.